[Music]
amazing facts about females that are
totally true
there are numerous books about how to
understand women
but not so much information shedding
light upon biological and social facts
connected with the females
for example why they live from 2 to 10
years longer than men across the world
or how much lipstick they eat during a
lifetime
these and many other secrets we'll
reveal here
by the way if you're a competitive soul
find three light bulbs in this video
and be the first to write in the
comments the exact time when they appear
on the screen
women see more colors ever argued with
your female
friend over those white curtains that
she claimed to be either eggshell or
cream
well that's due to women seeing on
average 20 percent more differences in
colors and shapes
what is more their vocabulary which
describes for examples
colors is significantly more extended
than that of men
one research with the name sex and
age-related differences in color
vocabulary show curious results
26 women and 24 men had to name 200
color samples
and females tended to use more elaborate
and exquisite color names than males
the female body has a lower resistance
to alcohol
believe it or not alcohol is even more
dangerous for women
as they are more prone to liver disease
like hepatitis
an inflammation of the liver and are
more likely to die
from liver cirrhosis a chronic disease
it's also more likely that women will
suffer brain damage
caused by alcohol such as loss of mental
functions and reduced brain size
it turns out that females have a
deficiency of a particular enzyme
that people need to metabolize alcohol
that's why
women as well as female animals
experience more negative and toxic
effects of alcohol
maturity is attractive and not only
because of the oedipus complex
various studies have shown that a woman
is more attractive
the more fertile she looks so women who
have given
birth grown into a very feminine body or
do not use
birth control are way more attractive to
men
men also read it in a woman's odor and
the pitch of their voice
for instance high-pitched female voices
are more appealing to men
as people associate such a pitch with a
high level of estrogen
the primary female hormone the average
woman will eat four pounds of lipstick
in her lifetime
when you take the average number of
lipsticks bought throughout a lifetime
and their average wearability it comes
down to women licking
off or eating with food about four
pounds of lipstick in their life
that translates to 533.76 lipsticks
of course for some women this number is
way too big
or not big enough so that's why it's an
average it var
from the very beginning of their lives
women are better at reading faces
gesture and voice tones which makes them
superior conversationalists
and social leaders even in a group of
people
all the social interactions would
probably be led by an alpha type female
than an alpha male
this was the conclusion of the survey
that involved 2 000 people in the uk
the study estimated their ability to
understand emotions
observing the face and eyes of another
person for instance
60.9 of men noticed when somebody was
scared
while the number of observant women
reached 70.8
however men turned out to be better at
detecting anger
and desire long live women
sometimes the life duration differences
between men and women
can be up to a decade but on average
it's at least two to three years
all over the world and this is not only
true for human females
female orangutans and chimpanzees also
outlive their male counterparts
some researchers connect this with the
fact that females are more cautious
and less prone to risk their life and
have you spotted all the light bulbs
great then go ahead
right the time they appear on the screen
which fact about ladies was the biggest
surprise for you
tell us in the comments below share this
video and remember to click the like
button
if this video gets 50 000 likes we'll
reveal some exciting facts about men
[Music]
you